Day 1   SB201


 Q1. When should one use Maven?
Maven is a tool that can now be used for building and managing any Java-based project. It makes the day-to-day
work of Java developers easier and generally help with the comprehension of any Java-based project.
Maven is a powerful project management tool that is based on POM (project object model). It is used for projects
build, dependency and documentation.



Q3. Explain the core concepts of Maven.

Maven's primary goal is to allow a developer to comprehend the complete state of a development effort in the
shortest period of time. In order to attain this goal, Maven deals with several areas of concern:
Making the build process easy
Providing a uniform build system
Providing quality project information
Encouraging better development practices






Q4. Explain about the basic properties of pom.xml file.

POM is an acronym for Project Object Model. The pom.xml file contains information of project and configuration
information for the maven to build the project such as dependencies, build directory, source directory, test source
directory, plugin, goals etc.
Day18: Maven introduction, dependencies, ORM introduction, Entity class, Java Persistence 8
Maven reads the pom.xml file, then executes the goal.
Before maven 2, it was named as project.xml file. But, since maven 2 (also in maven 3), it is renamed as
pom.xml



Q5. What are the different phases of the default life cycle?

validate - validate the project is correct and all necessary information is available
compile - compile the source code of the project
test - test the compiled source code using a suitable unit testing framework. These tests should not require the code be packaged or deployed
package - take the compiled code and package it in its distributable format, such as a JAR.
verify - run any checks on results of integration tests to ensure quality criteria are met
install - install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally
deploy - done in the build environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.





Q6.What are the different types of Maven repositories?
There are 3 types of maven repository:
1. Local Repository
2. Central Repository
3. Remote Repository




Q7. Explain what a Primary key, Candidate Key, Prime Attributes,
and Non-prime Attributes is
Q8. What are the rules for a table to be in 1NF, 2NF, and 3NF?