28 june 2022 

today ifeel so exhausted of my mind mbecoz its not going to be in my mind . i dont know what to do. eversince i tried to to build a convo with her 
but there is no response of her interest in 
building the convo .Eberything changed on october ..before that i think i am the most happiest person on the world but now every minute i feel dumb 
and empty and i dont know when it end ..

loneliness is always with me and i smile with everyone i do put a fake smile in my face to face everyone but i dont what to know other peoples that 
i am in extremely depressed and empty .momo i  writing these becoz in these actually iam talking to you and i can hear your voice of talking with me
i miss u a lot dear i dont know what else to say may be travlelling with you in endless distance may remain as a dream for me dear.those last day of you
you in my typhoon as  i didnt know that it wsd our last ride dear.i feel happy thgat something like a gem happened in my life as you if there is not you
 i will not feel what love is dear......................



..................................every morning i feel that u will call me and i take insta see did u msg me or not ..i think that my day  starts with you and end with you


i hope mu are happy there i and i dont want tobe that nuisance type thats why i didmt try to call u8 or msg u..but innerly i fuck up each minute .. u are still in my wallet hidden under my dad's pic ..

when i say about u to mky dad i feel like i am lucky..he knows everythng becoz everythging is shared between us .
so i dont know whethere i will delete ur pic or not but it is still in my phones gallery     

when i hear about songs i dream of u dear. somtimes little tears  came but i intentionally hide those i dont know wheter i will happy if u gone compltely becoz there is somje hope which is driving me dear..





may be in if there is some another life i will as ur forever.may in a small house of 1 bhk wheteher i can see u every corner of our home. u will belying whne ever we get free time and i will touchng ur hair and look u inevery mopment in my life 


may be this life make us seperate and next life if there is another come to me more earlier...i dont want to miss u dear momo i lovenuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
........








see u tommmorrow dear becoz if iam, tlaking with in another minute u will see some my tears.. i domt wamt you nto saw those dear bubyee loveeee